README.md, before:

# ReactNative Resources
List of resources to help teams adopt React Native

### Getting Started
- [Facebook's React Native Tutorial](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/tutorial.html): Straight from the horse's mouth.
- [Egghead: React Native Fundementals (video)](https://egghead.io/series/react-native-fundamentals): Explains the fundamentals of using React Native, including routing, touch events, and native components.
- [UIExplorer](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/tree/60b56455c4b30cbd0cb29790a7751329576ae8d6/Examples/UIExplorer): Great list of how to use various React Native components. 

### Router
- [Navigator](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/navigator.html): React Native's Navigator lets you transition between different scenes in your app.  
- [React Native Router Flux](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux): Router for React Native based on exNavigator
- [React Native Navigator.NavigationBar](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/33680794/react-native-navigator-navigationbar-where-are-the-docs): As of right now, React Native's Navigator doesn't have documentation on Navigation Bar. This Stack Overflow post provides a useful example as well as links to other examples. 

### Styling
- [Style Framework](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/style.html): Javascript styling for React Native.
- [React Native Layout System](http://moduscreate.com/react-native-layout-system/): A dead simple tutorial that teach you the fundementals of styling in React Native.
- [Aligning Children using Flexbox in React Native](http://moduscreate.com/react-native-layout-system/): Learn how to align things using FlexBox.
- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/): React Native uses Flexbox to create layouts. This is a complete guide on how Flexbox works. 

### Advanced
- [React Native for Android: How we built the first cross-platform React Native app](https://code.facebook.com/posts/1189117404435352/react-native-for-android-how-we-built-the-first-cross-platform-react-native-app/?__mref=message_bubble): The Facebook Ads Manager team talks about their experience building both an iOS and Android ads manager app. 
- [Building a native Soundcloud Android app with React Native and Redux](https://wiredcraft.com/blog/native-soundcloud-android-app/)

### Examples
- [SoundRedux Native](https://github.com/fraserxu/soundredux-native): Android SoundCloud client built with React Native and Redux.
- [React Native using Redux](https://github.com/alinz/example-react-native-redux):  Example of using React Native with Redux's Flux implementation.

### Misc
- [React Native Vector Icons](https://github.com/oblador/react-native-vector-icons)

Commit message:

Added React Native Image Picker

README.md, after:

# ReactNative Resources
List of resources to help teams adopt React Native

### Getting Started
- [Facebook's React Native Tutorial](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/tutorial.html): Straight from the horse's mouth.
- [Egghead: React Native Fundementals (video)](https://egghead.io/series/react-native-fundamentals): Explains the fundamentals of using React Native, including routing, touch events, and native components.
- [UIExplorer](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/tree/60b56455c4b30cbd0cb29790a7751329576ae8d6/Examples/UIExplorer): Great list of how to use various React Native components. 

### Router
- [Navigator](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/navigator.html): React Native's Navigator lets you transition between different scenes in your app.  
- [React Native Router Flux](https://github.com/aksonov/react-native-router-flux): Router for React Native based on exNavigator
- [React Native Navigator.NavigationBar](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/33680794/react-native-navigator-navigationbar-where-are-the-docs): As of right now, React Native's Navigator doesn't have documentation on Navigation Bar. This Stack Overflow post provides a useful example as well as links to other examples. 

### Styling
- [Style Framework](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/style.html): Javascript styling for React Native.
- [React Native Layout System](http://moduscreate.com/react-native-layout-system/): A dead simple tutorial that teach you the fundementals of styling in React Native.
- [Aligning Children using Flexbox in React Native](http://moduscreate.com/react-native-layout-system/): Learn how to align things using FlexBox.
- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/): React Native uses Flexbox to create layouts. This is a complete guide on how Flexbox works. 

### Advanced
- [React Native for Android: How we built the first cross-platform React Native app](https://code.facebook.com/posts/1189117404435352/react-native-for-android-how-we-built-the-first-cross-platform-react-native-app/?__mref=message_bubble): The Facebook Ads Manager team talks about their experience building both an iOS and Android ads manager app. 
- [Building a native Soundcloud Android app with React Native and Redux](https://wiredcraft.com/blog/native-soundcloud-android-app/)

### Useful Libraries
- [React Native Image Picker](https://github.com/marcshilling/react-native-image-picker): High level API that allows you to access device camera and camera roll. 

### Examples
- [SoundRedux Native](https://github.com/fraserxu/soundredux-native): Android SoundCloud client built with React Native and Redux.
- [React Native using Redux](https://github.com/alinz/example-react-native-redux):  Example of using React Native with Redux's Flux implementation.

### Misc
- [React Native Vector Icons](https://github.com/oblador/react-native-vector-icons)
